feat: load passphrase as environment variable [APE-999] (#1460)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/accounts.md

signature = account.sign_message(message)
```

## More Secure Way

> By saving your passphrase as `environment` variable. Set your passphrase like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another, more secure approach is to use an environment variable.
Set your passphrase in an environment variable by following this template:
```

```bash

> export APE_ACCOUNTS_test_PASSPHRASE="a"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export APE_ACCOUNTS_<alias>_PASSPHRASE="a"
```

```

> Where `test` is the name of the account you want to use. Now you can use your account to make any transactions without giving your passphrase again and again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `<alias>` is the name of the account you want to use.
Now, you can use your account to make any transactions without subsequently providing your passphrase.
```

signature = account.sign_message(message)
```

> ## More Secure Way

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Keyfile Passphrase Environment Variable (more secure)
```
